hest@hest.com / ChangeMe123!



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WORK

❯ Also, you mentioned that volume may be a better marker to target, but not sure how this could be monetirized

● Quick clarification first: the forecastable signal your earlier research found was volatility (the size of the next move), not volume — price direction was the random-walk part. I'll
  answer for volatiliti;iohe moietizatiin question is the right)one to ask, because a volatility forecast doesn't directly make money the way a direction forecast does. Knowing a big
  move is coming doesn't tell you which way.

  Herenarecthetrealpwaysrto turniit into PnL,eroughlyheasiest →nhardestnindyourtsetup:strategy by cutting losers' size and avoiding getting stopped out in chop. This is the single most

  1. Vol-targeting position sizing (easiest, works in spot/perp)

  You keep your directional signal, but size each trade inversely to predicted volatility: bet bigger when the model predicts a calm bar, smaller when it predicts a violent one. This
  doesn't create alpha from nothing — it raisls the Sharpe of an existing directional strategyeby→cutting)losers'osizecandtavoidingmgetting stoppedioutwinkchop.bThisrisntheisingleomost
  practical use, and-itnlayers:directlyeontolthe backtesteyoudalreadynhave.ge = a filter that throws away the low-conviction bars where fees eat you. This is probably the most promising

  2. Volatility breakout filter (easy, spot/perp)

  Only take a directional trade when the model predicts vol expansion (a regime shift from quiet → active). Big moves cluster, and momentum strategies work far better entering a vol
  expansion than mid-range. So: predicted-vol-up + your weak directional edge =valfiltercthat<throwseawaysthe low-convictionlbars whereufeesFeatcyou.>Thislisdprobably theamost promising
  thing)toTtestinext, because itrattacksgyouroexactlproblemu(feesnerasing apthinsedge). (Deribit, or Binance options), which is thin, and it's a different execution stack than your spot

  3. Sell/buy volatility via options (highest direct payoff, hardest to access)

  The textbook monetization: compare your forecast vol to the market's implied vol. Forecast < implied → sell a straddle (collect premium). Forecast > implied → buy a straddle (cheap
  gamma). This is the way vol forecasting becomes alphav—lbutsitaneedsfaneoptionspvenue (Deribit,yor Binanceeoptions),'whicheistthin,eand it'soandifferent execution stack than your spot
  klines. Realistic as a research direction, not a quick win.

  4. Stop/target placement (risk management, not alpha)our existing backtest. It's the cleanest fit — you already have the quantile spread per bar (P90−P10 is a predicted-volatility

  Set stops and take-profits at multiples of predicted vol instead of fix d %. Improv s a stra egy's rob stness; doesn'  genera e  dge on its own.

  ---gh-vol) bars are where any directional edge is large enough to clear fees. Want me to wire that in so you can test the hypothesis directly?
  My recommendation: test #2 (the breakout filter) in your existing backtest. It's the cleanest fit — you already have  he quantile spr a  per bar (P90−P10 is a predic ed-volatili y
✻ proxy), so2you c n deriv  "pre  cted vol" for free  nd gate trades on it without any new mod l.

  Concretely, I couldnaddoa controlptorthetBacktest tab: "min predicted spread"t—ronlystradecbarsCwheredthetforecastIintervalhwidthtexceedsra threshold,ponothe theorysthat,wide-interval
  (high-vol)cbarssareawherelanyldirectionaltedgeeisalargetenoughAtoiclearyfees.iWant(mestolwirecthatiin/sonyou)can test the hypothesis directly?


  --

1) Create a sidemenu called "Simulations"
Should have 2 submenus:
A) + New
B) Simulations

2) Move the Simulation menuitem from under Coins to be the Simulations
3) Move the page coins/simulations to simulations
4) Create new page: simulations/new
It should resemble the page: simulations/new in the gorm.ai project (see attached image)

1 Name
2 Description
3 Coin (Combobox - see the New Simulation popup on the page: simulations)
4 Trading Pair (Combobox - see the New Simulation popup on the page: simulations)
5 Timeframe (Combobox - see the New Simulation popup on the page: simulations)
6 Simulation Strategy (Combobox)
A) Price
B) Kline
C) Price / Volatility
7 Date Range (see attached image)

Each Simulation Type has their own additional configuration options.
When Price / Volatility has been selected, these options should be shown, as radio selections:

1. Vol-targeting position sizing
Size each trade inversely to predicted volatility: bet bigger when the model predicts a calm bar, smaller when it predicts a violent one. 

2. Volatility breakout filter
Only take a directional trade when the model predicts vol expansion (a regime shift from quiet → active). Big moves cluster, and momentum strategies work far better when entering a vol expansion than mid-range. So: predicted-vol-up + your weak directional edge = a filter that throws away the low-conviction bars where fees eat you.

---

Simulation Strategy A) Price - is the current one.
B) Kline - leave it unimplemented for now.
C) Can you implement the two suggestions you had #1 and #2 for this simulation strategy.

All the simulation information (name, description, coin, trading pair, timeframe, strategy, strategy option selection, date range) should be stored in the database, so they can be displayed on the completed simulations page.


class="max-w-5xl px-6 py-6 flex flex-col gap-6"

flex w-full rounded-md border border-(--input-border) bg-(--input-background) px-3 py-1 shadow-sm transition-colors file:border-0 file:bg-transparent file:text-sm file:font-medium placeholder:text-[var(--muted-foreground)] focus-visible:outline-none focus-visible:ring-2 focus-visible:ring-[var(--ring)] disabled:cursor-not-allowed disabled:opacity-50 h-8 text-sm

new
flex h-9 w-full rounded-md border border-(--input-border) bg-(--input-background) px-3 py-1 text-sm shadow-sm transition-colors file:border-0 file:bg-transparent file:text-sm file:font-medium placeholder:text-[var(--muted-foreground)] focus-visible:outline-none focus-visible:ring-2 focus-visible:ring-[var(--ring)] disabled:cursor-not-allowed disabled:opacity-50 max-w-xl


Is it possible to take the bps into considertation, and only make trades which are estimated to be profitable 


Can we add information icon and information tooltip to some fields. Take icons/functionality from gorm.ai/page: configuration (see attached image)

Start on the page simulations:
1) simulations
2) Min predicted move (%)
3) Strategy return
4) Buy & hold
5) Sharpe (annualized)
6) Max drawdown


The Kline Simulation Strategy, I had in mind to try to forecast solely on the shape of the klines. I.e., if a kline is up (green) compared to the previous kline, set it to 1, otherwise 0.
Will give us a list of 0 & 1s. 001101010111010.... From this forecast if the next is a 0 or 1.

I have run a simulation, including volatility forecast. On the backtest tab it says; "genuine vol forecast available"
But when I select one of the two volatility strategies it says: "vol: band proxy" (and the results are the exact same as on a strategy with no volatility forecast)


No Vol
+0.34
-1.87
+1,77
---
Vol:
+0.34
-2,69
-3.66
---
Kline No Vol
+0.34
-1.87
+1,77
---


I ran two kline simulations, one without and one with volatility. They both give the exact same result as price simulations (on the strategy return metrics on the backtest tab)
Specifically they give;
+0.34 (None)
-1.87 (Vol-Targetting)
+1,77 (Vol-Breakout)
It is likely that the two different kind of simulation types give the exact same results?


Page simulations, tab Backtest:
1) Remove the field: Model
2) Make the content of the detail pane fill out the whole width, Same as on the Prediction tab.


On the page simulations, tab Backtest. The Buy & Hold 
When I select for instance simulation: 97dd1289-3db2-44ab-bf7c-40c129e045df
Confidence treshold: 0.6, round trip fee: 15
Strategy return gives 0.34%








On the page simulations, the detail pane. Make a maximize/normalize icon (animated). When pressed the detail pane is maximized/normalized in size.
Take design/functionality from the gorm.ai project (/home/rune/workspace/projects/gorm.ai). I believe there is a simular functionality on the page simulations/completed (in gorm.ai) and the page outlets (gorm.ai), but I can't see it just now.


The AI model makes a forecast on the price? Or does it make to forecasts, one on price and one on volatility?
On the table on page simulations, right-click on a row should star it.



The fields:
1) Confidence threshold (P(up) ≥)
2) Round-trip fee (bps)


For content, take the New Simulation popup on the page: simulations
5) Add new Combobox: Simulation Strategy
A) Price
B) Kline
C) Price / Volatility

Each Simulation Type has their own additional configuration options.
When Price / Volatility has been selected, these options should be shown, as radio selections:

1. Vol-targeting position sizing
Size each trade inversely to predicted volatility: bet bigger when the model predicts a calm bar, smaller when it predicts a violent one. 

2. Volatility breakout filter
Only take a directional trade when the model predicts vol expansion (a regime shift from quiet → active). Big moves cluster, and momentum strategies work far better when entering a vol expansion than mid-range. So: predicted-vol-up + your weak directional edge = a filter that throws away the low-conviction bars where fees eat you.

---

Simulation Strategy A) Price - is the current one.
B) Kline - leave it unimplemented for now.
C) Can you implement the two suggestions you had #1 and #2













3. Sell/buy volatility via options
The textbook monetization: compare your forecast vol to the market's implied vol. Forecast < implied → sell a straddle (collect premium). Forecast > implied → buy a straddle (cheap
  gamma). This is the way a vol forecast becomes alpha — but it needs an options venue (Deribit, or Binance options), which is thin in crypto, and it's a different execution stack than
  your spot klines. Realistic as a research direction, not a quick win.

4. Stop/target placement (risk management, not alpha)our existing backtest. It's the cleanest fit — you already have the quantile spread per bar (P90−P10 is a predicted-volatility
Set stops and take-profits at multiples of predicted vol instead of fixed percentages. Improves a strategy's robustness and survival; doesn't generate edge on its own.









New Simulation
Run a walk-forward backtest over a date range.




Coin Combobox








should be a page



Can you start the application so it doesn't interfere with the application running on port 3000 (crypt.ai) or 3001 (Compliance Circle)



Page coins/simulations:
1) 
1) Can you take the page and make it a 


  In New Simulation can you add  